[DENKA]
Project Freedom.
The time has come
for us to strike
the killing blow
and end this war.
First, the Mystics will summon
the Earless Core
to our location,
and then we, my friends,
will wipe it out.
Wait. The Mystics wish
to coexist with the Earless.
Have you told them of your goal?
[DENKA]
Sign o' the times.
Their sacrifice will
lay down the cornerstone
for a brighter future.
You'd deceive them?
That's not my intent.
Ultimately, we have to
eliminate the Earless.
We can only preserve our
existence by ending theirs.
Does His Majesty agree?
Now then, how about we
all welcome our guests?
People of Gnome!
And who are you?
[JIMI] I feel your radiance,
but no love in it.
[DENKA] That was the
beginning of the 15 days
and seven hours
he and I would share.
[DENKA] A moment that
seemed like an eternity,
till love abandoned you.
That was ten years ago.
The revolution of love
is at a standstill.
There's something
we've missed, but what?
I can hear the doves crying out.
[DENKA]
Can you, Jimi?
[ECHO]
Echo Rec. Fifteen years old.
I'm from Liverchester.
It's nice to meet you.
You know what kinda guy we need?
Guy with a sense of
cool and a lotta guts.
Like a friggin' wild
and crazy wolf, a'right?
[ECHO] Well I'm kinda
outta money, so.
So, hey, my name is Mu,
and I have no idea
how old I am or
where I came from.
Well, what we're
looking for right now
is a hot and hip
young woman, see?
Like a friggin' sweet,
sexy little kitten, a'right?
[MU] And we're looking
for a place to stay, so.
Wha? Oh, my strengths?
Well I like messing
with machines,
and I guess I've also barbacked
for my sister a few times.
Have I ever had a job?
I mean... I guess not?
Right now? Yeah, I'm alone.
I was traveling
with someone, but...
I set that money aside
for parts to fix up the amp,
and she basically
threw it all away!
He kept whining about his
stupid lower back pain,
so I bought him a super
soft futon to sleep on!
It's not like I even
asked her for it.
Those futons are
a complete waste of money!
[BOTH]
Seriously! What the hell?
[RESERVOIR]
Hmm. You're in!
Wow. Thanks a lot!
Now. Please follow me.
Oh. Sure.
All right!
Great. I'll lead the way.
Cool!
[ECHO]
Paisley Park. It's amazing.
Who could've imagined?
It's so big.
In this town,
everyone can be sexy.
And Denka, the most
Lovesexy of all
the beautiful people in this
world of ours, lives up there.
Huh?
[WENDY]
It's called the Galaxy Palace.
Wow. The Galaxy Palace.
Uh‐‐ Whoa. 'Scuse me.
And, we've arrived.
This'll be your dorm.
[LISA]
You're a Player, aren't you?
[MU]
You could tell? Yeah.
So do you know how I
might get to meet Denka?
Uh...
[LISA] I suppose you'd
have to lead a sexy life.
Just let the love be your guide.
This place is
overflowing with it.
Feel that? It's
Paisley Park, babe.
We're here. You'll be
staying in this dorm.
Huh?
‐‐[ECHO] C'mon!
‐‐[MU] Huh?!
[MU groans]
[BOTH]
Are you for real?
Look, just...
stay on your side.
Why don't you stay on your side?
I'm going to bed early.
I got work.
Yeah, me too.
And I'm gonna sleep great
on my new futon!
Hey, didn't you tell me
you got that for my back pain?
Hey, didn't you tell me that
I'd wasted your money on a scam?
[ECHO]
Great, we've got work.
But we came to
this town for a reason,
so don't get sidetracked.
[MU]
Dude, shut up.
You just worry about getting us
a meeting with that Denka guy.
Yeah.
[RESERVOIR]
It's a message for Denka.
A little while ago,
mutter mutter mutter.
What? They're looking
for info on him?
Mutter‐mutter‐mutter.
[MALE 5B]
[WENDY]
An investigation.
That boy and girl.
[MALE 5G]
Mutter‐mutter‐mutter‐mutter.
[MALE 5H]
Mutter‐mutter‐mutter.
Mutter‐mutter, mutter mutter.
[FEMALE 5B]
Mutter‐mutter‐mutter‐mutter.
What? Then that Player girl's...
Debuting now?
[MALE 5P]
Mutter‐mutter.
[MALE 5A] That's what we
do with those kids.
Right. Let 'em fall into the
embrace of the beat between
love and sexy, y'know?
I'm Wendy, the head of
the part‐time crew.
And I'm the deputy head, Lisa.
So nice to meet you.
Yeah, same!
[WENDY] Ready to get started?
You're Girl Six now.
Wait, why six?
[LISA]
It's a simple job.
The phone rings,
you pick it up and...
Whisper of love.
Okay?
[WENDY]
Love and sexiness, babe. Get it?
That's what we do at
Telephone Love Sexy.
[MU] Nah, not really.
But I got this!
[phone ringing]
[MU] Hey! You're with
Girl Six at Love Sexy.
[CUSTOMER 5A] Hey, so.
What time is love?
Maybe two PM?
[CUSTOMER 5B]
Oh. Rainbow Bridge!
[MU] Rainbow Bridge,
for sure dude!
[MARSHALL] Welcome to
New Power Generation, son.
It's a workshop, as you can see.
[ECHO] Whoa.
You're building Equipment?
Yep, all at Denka's request.
Says he needs 'em
for some project
he's calling "Revolution."
Sounds amazing.
[MARSHALL] Starting today,
you'll be Boy Nine.
My name's Marshall
and I'll be your foreman.
You've got a very
important role.
The gofer. [chuckles]
Get after it, kid.
[ECHO]
Yes, sir. I will!
[MU yawns]
[ECHO]
Man, I'm beat!
The sexiest sound in the world?
Meat on the grill!
[ECHO] So this is a
general‐purpose Equipment.
[BOTH sigh]
[RESERVOIR] Good work.
Now make it last, a'right?
Right. Thanks a lot, sir!
Wow. It's thicker
than I expected.
[MARSHALL]
Eyy! Payday!
And ya got big plans
for that wad, right, son?
Huh? Not really?
Aww, no need to be coy, buddy!
Come with me,
I'll steer ya right.
There's a lot for a young fella
to take in in this town.
Let this old hand
show ya the ropes!
[ECHO] Uh, okay.
But what are we doing, sir?
Well it's smooth and creamy.
It's creamy?
[MARSHALL]
And moist and steamy.
So it's wet.
[MARSHALL]
And super soft and dreamy!
And it's soft?
How does that? I'm not...
I don't think I follow‐‐ Hey.
Mr. Marshall?
Where did you go?
[ECHO sighs]
This place freaks me out.
What would Mu say?
[DENKA]
One, two, three, four.
[ECHO]
Huh? What's that?
[DENKA singing]
Hey. What's wrong, boy?
You don't look like
you're having any fun.
Huh? I, uh... Wait, who're you?
Oh, me? Call me the Kid.
Okay...
Let's Go Crazy!
[DENKA] Paisley Park is a place
for people to come together.
No matter their creed or color,
all are welcome here.
Look around.
A smile on every face.
You can see the pleasure etched
deeply into their hearts.
And if you ask them
where they're going?
Huh?
I bet they'll all tell you
they're going nowhere.
Because they've already
taken out a lifetime lease
right here on Paisley Park.
[DENKA]
Jimi Stonefree?
[ECHO] I didn't figure
you'd know him.
He's a legend among Players,
but he's not listed in
the almanac or anything.
[DENKA] Really? Like some
kind of urban myth.
[ECHO]
Except he's real.
I saw him myself, ten years ago,
in Liverchester.
[DENKA]
Hm. Liverchester, you say?
We heard that Denka
knew about him,
but how's a guy like me
get an appointment
with someone who lives
in a flying palace?
What do you hope to do?
Huh?
[DENKA]
When you meet this Jimi.
I... I don't know. But‐‐
You want him to
guide you, right?
I felt the same way.
All I wanted was to
save this hollow world,
but it went so wrong.
[ECHO]
Mister Kid?
[DENKA] I never meant to
cause you any sorrow or pain,
but that doesn't matter.
Love has fallen still.
[DENKA]
And yet...
I can feel the same love
in your radiance, boy.
Huh?
It's burning for that girl, Mu.
[ECHO gasps]
Isn't it? She's the reason
you left your hometown
and started out on
this journey, right?
You knew you wanted to stay
with her, so you came along.
[ECHO] It's not what you're
making it sound like!
I'm glad you told me all that.
Your story moved feelings
in me that I forgot I had.
Allow me to repay you.
Club Love Sexy?
[DENKA] My treat.
Now, go, and speak of love.
[ECHO]
Whoa, um. I don't know about‐‐
Till next time, Boy Nine.
[STORE CLERK 5A]
Welcome, sir.
Smooth and creamy.
Moist and steamy.
Most soft and, and, and...
Sir, your booth is available.
[ECHO squeals]
[STORE CLERK 5A] Please make
your way to Girl Six.
[MU]
Hey!
Um. Hello.
I'm... It's really
nice to mee‐‐ Mu?
[BOTH]
Huh?
[MU] For real, how do
men's brains even work?
You got paid and
came to this place?
Well, I mean...
I didn't expect to
run into you here.
Oh. Okay.
So you were hoping to
meet some other girl, then.
Uh‐‐ I... That wasn't...
[LISA]
Hey there, you two.
‐‐Huh?
‐‐What?
Let us take you
somewhere nice.
[ECHO]
First Avenue, huh?
[LISA] That's right.
Normally, this is a coliseum
where Players take each other
on in exhibition matches.
[WENDY] You're a Player,
aren't you, Girl Six?
[LISA]
And Boy Nine is an amp builder.
[BOTH gasp]
We're also Players,
just like you.
Now we're gonna fight.
[WENDY] You're here to meet
with Denka, aren't you?
[LISA] Beat us and
we'll make that happen.
[ECHO]
WHa‐‐ For real?
[MU]
If we lose?
[LISA chuckles] If you lose,
you get thrown outta town.
That's what happens when
a new Player shows up
from the sticks and tries to
debut straight out of the gate.
I don't understand.
What about a "debut"?
If you wanna fight, you got it!
Mu?
[sighs]
Just think of it like putting
your money into savings.
[ECHO] I need it back when
the next check comes in.
Yeah, life's like that
sometimes. Right?
And how'd it go at First Avenue?
[ECHO sighs]
We got absolutely spanked.
[MARSHALL] First Avenue's
Amazon Corps, huh?
You do understand that
folks call Wendy and Lisa
"the immortal queens"
for a reason, don'tcha kid?
Hell, I'm surprised you
made it outta there alive.
I didn't know they were
the Wendy and Lisa.
They were dressed totally
different than they are
in the almanac, for one thing.
Well, then, guess you
gotta head home.
No way!
Aw, too bad, so sad.
Now, head back to your
dorm and get packed up.
[BOTH gasp]
[ECHO]
We can't leave yet!
Give us one more chance.
A week from now!
Echo, are you...?
[ECHO]
Please.
It's really important that
we get to talk to Denka!
I'm begging you.
One more shot!
Wow, Boy Nine. Nicely said.
Well, Girl Six?
Are you in or out?
I'm in. We'll get you back!
[chuckles] I like these two.
Yeah. How 'bout we
do it big next time?
[ECHO] All I wanted was
to meet with Denka.
How did it end up like this?
[MU]
Who cares?
It did and we're here, and it's
too late to back down now.
[ECHO]
Yeah, but what if we lose again?
[MU]
We're not gonna lose.
We're gonna win, meet Denka,
and find out what
he knows about Jimi.
[DENKA] You're a cute pair,
Team Six‐Nine.
All right then.
Guess you've got a plan?
Yeah. When we fought before,
we realized that their
special piloting technique
where they trade off
control of their Equipment
gives them certain advantages.
Just when you get into the flow.
It's like you blink and
suddenly you're up against
a whole different opponent.
Right. That's the trick.
For half a second, when they
switch, they're vulnerable.
Too much thinking going on here.
You're not in
class anymore, kids,
you're trying to
kick off a revolution.
And like you,
I used only focus on
overpowering my opponent.
But you two got
my gears turning.
Whaddaya mean?
Love and hatred sit on a seesaw,
rocking back and forth
on the fulcrum of the heart.
Like the balance between
Player and amp builder?
Oh, not at all.
I'd say you two are
perfectly in balance.
Now you just need to
face each other.
This'll be fun.
I'll be sure to come watch.
Now, Mu. I finally get it.
[DENKA] That pendant
always belonged to you.
It's true. Time has passed.
The day has come for
something new to begin.
It was love we were missing,
just as I thought.
And we need a revolution
for a new love to take root.
[BURLY MAN]
You seem awfully confident.
[MARSHALL] What can I say,
I'm a risk‐taker.
Gonna put everything
I've got on Wendy and Lisa.
[BURLY MAN] If you win,
you better pay me.
Bet your ass I will!
I'm not the one
whose ass is on the line.
[ECHO] What are we gonna do,
what are we gonna do,
what are we gonna do?
[MU]
We're gonna win the match.
We can't throw away this chance
after you groveled
so hard for it.
No way we're losing!
You're right. We got this!
Just like in the almanac!
[CROWD] Denka! Denka! Denka!
Denka! Denka! Denka! Denka!
[CROWD cheering]
[gasps] Isn't that...
Mister Kid?
I hear you all saying
that you want a leader.
But you can't make seem to
make up your mind,
so I think you better let go.
I only wanted to see everybody
laughing in the purple rain,
but alas, in the end,
I am no leader.
I am but a Scion of Chills
and a seeker of love!
[CROWD cheers]
Then, Mister Kid...
...was Denka the whole time?
[DENKA] Let's see it!
Show us your love!
[DENKA] Now, let us offer a
prayer for a love revolution!
[LISA]
Let's do it.
[WENDY]
You ready?
‐‐Mu!
‐‐I'm fine.
[LISA gasps]
They caught us!
Something's changed.
[CROWD gasps]
[ECHO]
On my signal, Mu!
[MU]
Got it.
Just one shot.
That's all I need!
‐‐Lisa's up!
‐‐Let's rock!
Do it!
Go, Top Boost!
[DENKA]
That's the match!
[CROWD cheers]
Unbelievable.
They beat the Queens?
Don't run, Marshall!
You're gonna
pay me back, you bastard!
Little rat! The hell?
[DENKA]
Their love.
The revolution.
It's moving again!
The Earless?
Huh? But why now?
[CROWD screams]
We've got no choice!
[LISA]
Let's do this, Wendy!
[WENDY]
We'll give 'em a show!
[DENKA]
I knew it, Mu.
You and Jimi are connected.
Denka. You're in danger!
Behold. After ten years at rest,
the revolution
we've been longing for
has finally been
set in motion again!
The only thing
it needed was love.
[DENKA sings]
[RESERVOIR]
Your Equipment, Denka,
it's reacting to the Earless.
[DENKA] It's not. Those kids
and their power did this!
[sings]
[WENDY]
There's no end to them!
[ECHO]
Mu, your pendant.
Yeah. It's resonating
with something.
Let's end this in one shot!
[MU]
Top Boost!
[DENKA] That's right.
Ten years ago, we failed.
But, now, these two.
They'll bring love
to the new world.
The planet trembles in
the grip of revolution.
Are you watching, Jimi?
My Equipment.
The city itself.
See it shining for you!
[DENKA]
I apologize.
I ended up pushing
you two pretty hard.
[MU]
What's up with the Earless?
Where did they
come from? And why?
[DENKA]
I've got a story to tell you.
It's about my time
with Jimi Stonefree.
Every moment of those 15 days
and seven hours of my life.
This happened ten years ago.
You've heard about the Fest
that was held in
Liverchester, haven't you?
We called it "Project Freedom."
Our goal was to
eradicate the Earless
and liberate humankind
from their terror.
But to do that,
we'd first need to summon
the Core of the Earless.
Which was why we needed
to ensure the cooperation
of a group of people who sought
to coexist with the Earless.
Of course, had we informed them
of our true intentions
in throwing this Fest,
they would certainly never
have agreed to take part.
You lied to them?
That's the sad truth.
At the time, another Player had
joined the war alongside them.
Jimi?
[JIMI hums]
[DENKA]
Our revolution won't fail.
We're gonna bring
peace to the world.
[JIMI]
Can you hear them?
Their voices.
[DENKA]
Hm?
[JIMI] They cry out endlessly,
from deep in our hearts.
But one day we can
all love each other.
Even them.
[DENKA]
The Earless and us?
Yeah, Of course.
We're all the same.
What made you decide
to be a Player?
Whenever I played, my little
sister would start dancing.
Twirled around. Laughed.
It was totally adorable!
Oh, I wish you could meet her
someday down the line.
[DENKA] And in those days,
dangling from his neck,
was the same shining
pendant you wear.
[BOTH gasp]
[DENKA]
We'd made a mistake.
But it was too late
to change course.
The operation was in motion.
We betrayed him, and what's
more, we still failed.
For ten years, I've been
waiting for a chance
to set it all right.
But my time is past.
This era belongs to you two.
That's everything
I know of Jimi.
I haven't seen him
again since that day.
He left the battlefield injured,
along with the
people from Gnome.
They're the only ones
who would know
where he went from there.
And after our betrayal,
they would never be willing
to come to the table with us.
But you. That's a
different matter.
[ECHO gasps]
This'll get you to Gnome,
though I don't know what you
might find after ten years.
[ECHO giggles]
Thank you, Mister Kid. Truly!
[DENKA] I have one more
request before you go.
[ECHO] The country of Gnome.
That's where we'll find Jimi!
[MU]
Am I really his little sister?
[DENKA] If by chance, you do
happen to find your way to Jimi.
Please tell him I said this.
Even still, I've never
stopped loving him.
[JIMI] If we zig‐zagged
away from the world
and laid down new tracks,
some would surely call
what we made "progress."
But if the world were to
be freed from Heaven's rule,
if it were to reveal
its dark side,
the future would
cease to be the future.
The front would move back,
and the back would come forward.
The stars above
would crystallize
and cut like crazy diamonds.
So let's build the wall up
higher and higher,
till we've shut out the sky.
"Goodbye Blue Sky."
Turn your face skyward,
to the Player's night.